to run framework: npx cucumber-js

npm install -g allure-commandline
allure generate allure-results --clean -o allure-report
allure open allure-report

Run the following command in the same directory as your Dockerfile:
sudo docker build -t playwright-framework .

After the image is built, you can run a container based on that image:
The --rm option automatically removes the container after it exits. Adjust the command based on your specific requirements.

sudo docker run --rm playwright-framework
sudo docker run --rm playwright-framework npm run test
sudo docker run --rm playwright-framework allure generate allure-results --clean -o allure-report
sudo docker run --rm playwright-framework allure open allure-report

sudo docker run playwright-framework
sudo docker run playwright-framework npm run test
sudo docker run playwright-framework allure generate allure-results --clean -o allure-report
sudo docker run playwright-framework allure open allure-report


sudo docker run --rm -it playwright-framework /bin/bash


1. Add User to Docker Group:
Ensure that your user is a member of the "docker" group. You can add your user to the "docker" group using the following commands:
sudo usermod -aG docker $USER
After running this command, you might need to log out and log back in or restart your system to apply the group changes.
2. Restart Docker Service:
Restart the Docker service to apply the group changes:
sudo service docker restart
3. Verify Group Membership:
Check if your user is now part of the "docker" group:
groups $USER
You should see "docker" in the list of groups.
4. Re-run Docker Build:
Try running the docker build command again:
sudo docker build -t playwright-framework .
Additional Note:
If you still encounter issues, ensure that the Docker daemon is running. You can start the Docker daemon using:
sudo service docker start
If you're using Linux, you might need to use sudo for Docker commands. If you want to use Docker without sudo, you'll need to log out and log back in after adding your user to the "docker" group.

npm run test

if docker has no text editor or something another add this to DockerFile to automatically set up it after rebuild:
RUN npm install
RUN apt-get update && apt-get install -y openjdk-11-jdk
RUN apt-get update && apt-get install -y nano
RUN npm install -g allure-commandline
RUN npx playwright install
RUN echo "Y" | apt-get install libnss3
RUN echo "Y" | apt-get install libnspr4
RUN echo "Y" | apt-get install libdbus-1-3
RUN echo "Y" | apt-get install libatk1.0-0
RUN echo "Y" | apt-get install libatk-bridge2.0-0
RUN echo "Y" | apt-get install libcups2
RUN echo "Y" | apt-get install libdrm2
RUN echo "Y" | apt-get install libxkbcommon0
RUN echo "Y" | apt-get install libxcomposite1
RUN echo "Y" | apt-get install libxdamage1
RUN echo "Y" | apt-get install libxfixes3
RUN echo "Y" | apt-get install libxrandr2
RUN echo "Y" | apt-get install libgbm1
RUN echo "Y" | apt-get install libasound2

Jenkins password
sudo nano /var/lib/jenkins/secrets/initialAdminPassword

